README.md, before:

<h2 align="center">
  Portfolio Website - v2.0<br/>
  <a href="https://soumyajit.vercel.app/" target="_blank">soumyajit.tech</a>
</h2>
<div align="center">
  <img alt="Demo" src="./Images/readme-img1.png" />
</div>

<br/>

<center>

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/open-source.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/soumyajit4419/Portfolio?color=red&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) &nbsp;
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/soumyajit4419/Portfolio?color=red&logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

</center>

<h3 align="center">
    🔹
    <a href="https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio/issues">Report Bug</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;
    🔹
    <a href="https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio/issues">Request Feature</a>
</h3>

## TL;DR

You can fork this repo to modify and make changes of your own. Please give me proper credit by linking back to [Soumyajit4419](https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio). Thanks!

## Built With

My personal portfolio <a href="https://soumyajit.vercel.app/" target="_blank">soumyajit.tech</a> which features some of my github projects as well as my resume and technical skills.<br/>

This project was built using these technologies.

- React.js
- Node.js
- Express.js
- CSS3
- VsCode
- Vercel

## Features

**📖 Multi-Page Layout**

**🎨 Styled with React-Bootstrap and Css with easy to customize colors**

**📱 Fully Responsive**

## Getting Started

Clone down this repository. You will need `node.js` and `git` installed globally on your machine.

## 🛠 Installation and Setup Instructions

1. Installation: `npm install`

2. In the project directory, you can run: `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.

## Usage Instructions

Open the project folder and Navigate to `/src/components/`. <br/>
You will find all the components used and you can edit your information accordingly.

### Show your support

Give a ⭐ if you like this website!

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/soumyajit4419" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-violet.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height= "60px" width= "217px" ></a>

Commit message:

#113: Fix sub-routes navigation for GitHub page deployments using gh-pages

README.md, after:

<h2 align="center">
  Portfolio Website - v2.0<br/>
  <a href="https://soumyajit.vercel.app/" target="_blank">soumyajit.tech</a>
</h2>
<div align="center">
  <img alt="Demo" src="./Images/readme-img1.png" />
</div>

<br/>

<center>

[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-javascript.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
[![forthebadge](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/open-source.svg)](https://forthebadge.com) &nbsp;
![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/soumyajit4419/Portfolio?color=red&logo=github&style=for-the-badge) &nbsp;
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/soumyajit4419/Portfolio?color=red&logo=github&style=for-the-badge)

</center>

<h3 align="center">
    🔹
    <a href="https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio/issues">Report Bug</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;
    🔹
    <a href="https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio/issues">Request Feature</a>
</h3>

## TL;DR

You can fork this repo to modify and make changes of your own. Please give me proper credit by linking back to [Soumyajit4419](https://github.com/soumyajit4419/Portfolio). Thanks!

## Built With

My personal portfolio <a href="https://soumyajit.vercel.app/" target="_blank">soumyajit.tech</a> which features some of my github projects as well as my resume and technical skills.<br/>

This project was built using these technologies.

- React.js
- Node.js
- Express.js
- CSS3
- VsCode
- Vercel

## Features

**📖 Multi-Page Layout**

**🎨 Styled with React-Bootstrap and Css with easy to customize colors**

**📱 Fully Responsive**

## Getting Started

Clone down this repository. You will need `node.js` and `git` installed globally on your machine.

## 🛠 Installation and Setup Instructions

1. Installation: `npm install`

2. In the project directory, you can run: `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.
The page will reload if you make edits.

## 🚀 To deploy using gh-pages module on GitHub page run the following command.

1. In package.json update ``"homepage": "<YOUR GITHUB PAGE URL>/#"`` by replacing <YOUR GITHUB PAGE URL> with your GitHub page url.
2. ``npm run deploy``
3. Go to settings -> pages -> build and deployment -> choose ``gh-pages`` as root branch


## Usage Instructions

Open the project folder and Navigate to `/src/components/`. <br/>
You will find all the components used and you can edit your information accordingly.

### Show your support

Give a ⭐ if you like this website!

<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/soumyajit4419" target="_blank"><img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-violet.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" height= "60px" width= "217px" ></a>
